hello everyone my name is seananners and
we were playing black ops this is gonna
probably asking yourself that was as
possible this game's not even out yet
well I was able to capture one gameplay
which is this particular match
unfortunately I would have liked to
capture more but they're kind of rules
in place in that I can only show two
minutes of this game play online at a
time and so this video's gonna basically
be split up into four different parts so
gun game what is gun game well gun game
is a free-for-all mode in which you're
trying to get 20 kills each time you get
a kill you're given a new gun so if I
shoot some with a pistol then you'll be
given akimbo pistols and then it just
goes from there it's actually a lot of
fun I when they announced this at the
event I was like oh my god there's
there's actually four custom game types
I thought I was playing one in the
chamber which is a custom game type
where you shoot your pistol once and
then you have to stab a guy's you're
basically given one bullet so you'll see
me running after this guy like trying to
stab him I'm like whoops I'm playing the
wrong game type so I get killed of
course but then I realized oh ok I'm
playing you know the gun game so anyways
I really like the art style this game it
reminds you kind of like uncharted 2
which is a really good thing because I'm
like wow this is this is gorgeous I
really like this and of course at this
point I'm just trying to find someone to
kill them to get better guns and it's
funny in the background they had like a
DJ planes it was like boom boom boom
boom and you couldn't hear anything in
the game so it was really tough to play
but I got I would my goal was to be
super aggressive because I wanted to try
to get as many kills as I could in the
lot amount of time because as you can
see in the bottom left hand corner I'm
now in second place because I'm just on
tier 1 so everybody else I think there's
five people in the game are struggling
to get their guns and I chase this guy
down and you'll see I have the Magnum
right now when I shoot this guy on the
back it whips out akimbo pistols and
then when I shoot this guy with akimbo
pistols I'm then given a shotgun and
it's like my brain is just like this is
our measured and anyways I make up this
video off right now guys I will see in
the next video on that thanks for
watching and I will see her hello
everyone my name is seananners and
welcome to part 2 of this video series
we're continuing playing this wager
match I'm trying to get a handle for
things this is actually the first match
of the night the first time playing this
game so bear with me if I get killed a
couple times because I'm trying to learn
as I go but I do have it i don't know if
it's this particular video or the next
video I kind of go on
here with all the different guns I get
and I think how this particular game
type works is that the guns in the very
beginning are difficult to use the guns
in the middle are a little bit more
manageable and then the guns at the end
of the match our kind of tough like
crossbows and ballistic knives but now i
got an mp5 and i'm feeling pretty good
about this I think that it's interesting
when I'm playing this game and during
the event my brain was just so just like
hyperactive I was just like you it was
crazy because you can hear people like
cheering in the background like wow yeah
this is the start of me killing lots of
people and I just it's so I don't know
I'm like so excited to play this game
but it's it was it's very difficult for
me to figure out you know if this is
going to be something that's going to
one-up 1042 only time will tell I think
that if I was able to actually sit down
in a quiet room and spend some time with
this game I'd be able to get a feel for
it but I mean ultimately I had a ton of
fun the fact that they're kind of mixing
up with these custom game types is
awesome and I didn't have a chance to
play the other three but this one is in
particular is a lot of fun because like
you'll see me like when I go on a kill
streak like you kill a guy and then you
whip out a new gun it's like an epic
action movie like an everyone the back
on just like yeah and like I shoot this
guy at the last bullet in the clip and
then I'm like I got this lmg and then
this guy's like having a conversation on
a cell phone I kill him I think actually
going on 11 kill streak and you'll see
me do a little drag scope here this is
the sniper rifle I think everybody is
probably gonna more than likely use and
then you this is the wa2000 from one
more for two and yeah I mean like I had
a ton of fun playing this I wish of
course I could sit down and play more
but yeah I think I'm gonna go ahead and
stop this video pretty soon but on that
thanks for watching and I will see you
guys in my next 300 and welcome to part
3 we're continuing to play the gun game
and I now have a wa2000 and right here
I'm trying to get myself distance so i
can find someone to kill i get a head
shot on this guy across the map and then
i'm given this huge anti-air rocket
launcher thing I'm just like all right
let's do some damage and I shoot this
guy and he probably should have died
unfortunately doesn't get shot in the
back but you can see depending upon the
guns you have you have different outfits
so you can identify what somebody's
running with based upon like since I'm
like a demo guy when I have like a demo
outfit if your sniper you have like a
ghillie suit
and it's kind of a nice little addition
to the the game and I'm looking for
someone to shoot I don't want to get too
close to someone because then I'll blow
myself up I think I actually eventually
I just run into guys and start shooting
with a rocket launcher because I'm
trying to get the next gun because it's
with this game type it's funny it's like
you're trying to get kills faster than
everyone else because here I gotta kill
myself because you want to get the next
best gun and it's an interesting way of
playing free-for-all because in free for
all in the past you rely on kill streaks
and it's cool because this I mean there
are no killstreaks in this game types
I'm just hell I'm just like all right
I'm ol kill myself and now I have the
thumper you guys recognize this forum on
142 and you'll see that like I was
talking about earlier in the other
videos the guns they give you the very
end so I'm pure18 it's more difficult to
kill people and so I find this guy and I
can actually see what type of gun he's
running with baseball's outfit now i
have my favorite the crossbow and it's
kind of hard to use it a little bit
unusual but it's so satisfying when you
actually tag somebody and they blow up
and guarantee you guys I'm gonna do
plenty of free for all matches just
using the crossbow because it's just
like absolutely just like so rewarding
them just like us it's a lot of fun and
I definitely this in the ballistic knife
are really fun to use and done that guys
I'm gonna cut this video off right here
and thanks for watching and I will see
you the next video hello everyone my
name is seananners and I'm about to
shoot a man with a crossbow yeah and
this is the last video in the four-part
series of me playing the the gun game
and it was a lot of fun I definitely am
very much looking forward to the other
game types I'm going to be playing the
wager modes quite a bit you can see
right here that I earn 300 cod points
and the final killcam is kind actually
nice I think actually yeah I ballistic
knife the guy in the face here comes the
pain here comes the pain train whoo I'm
not quite sure why I did that but I'm
sure he was not happy with this I am
awesome if you guys stick around there's
some stats at the end of this match I
want to show you guys like you guys are
used to seeing kills and deaths but
there's some information at the end I
think it's kind of cool that may give
you guys some information about this
game so when you go into the lobby your
seen a bunch of information in regards
to all of the
points you've earned so you can see what
you earn in that particular match your
career winnings and things like
headshots humiliations killstreaks your
top weapon what have you other than that
I'm gonna put another video up actually
want to show you guys the custom classes
and talk a little bit more about that
but than that I really appreciate you
guys watching and I will see you guys
next time